But the production is
so much different too, so…
I’m finally getting, "This is what I was
doing for two years," you know.
THE SHOW D-3
How do we go in here?
We're doing our best here
so that BLINKs can also enjoy
even the process of waiting
for our next performance.
Please look forward to it!
THE SHOW D-2
We worked really hard
to prepare for this concert,
so I hope you watch it
more than ten times.
See you soon, bye.
THE SHOW D-1
Let's go.
Hello.
Hi, I'm here.
What are we doing right now?
-Emcee Girl.
-Emcee.
-Okay.
-Yes.
We got here today for the rehearsal.
It's for tomorrow,
and what is this rehearsal for?
I believe it's a rehearsal for The Show.
THE SHOW D-DAY
BLACKPINK LIVESTREAM CONCERT: THE SHOW
I wanted to make it more perfect
because I was not satisfied.
It would've been great
if we had more time.
I’m so nervous.